[DOCS] Update kernel command line argument instructions (#525)
open-edge-platform/edge-microvisor-toolkit: docs/developer-guide/get-started/emt-building-howto.md

of the resulting image, such as:

- Type and size of partitioning table.
- [Partitions](../emt-architecture-overview.md#packaging), their types (such as EFI, rootfs, etc.), settings, file system, and size.

> - Reference to [packagelists](https://github.com/open-edge-platform/edge-microvisor-toolkit/blob/96eb3660c58a48ada021e2c0eaa0510cad6dc119/toolkit/docs/formats/imageconfig.md#packagelists) which defines what packages (i.e. `rpms`) should be included in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Reference to [packagelists](https://github.com/open-edge-platform/edge-microvisor-toolkit/blob/3.0/toolkit/docs/formats/imageconfig.md#packagelists) which defines what packages (i.e. `rpms`) should be included in
```

  the image.
- Additional configuration files that should be embedded in the image (e.g. network-, systemd
  configurations).
- Any required post-installation scripts that should be executed once the image has been
  generated.
- [Kernel and command line options](../../developer-guide/emt-architecture-overview.md#kernel-command-line).

> - Final [configuration properties](https://github.com/open-edge-platform/edge-microvisor-toolkit/blob/96eb3660c58a48ada021e2c0eaa0510cad6dc119/toolkit/docs/formats/imageconfig.md) that should be applied (e.g. enable full disc encryption,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Final [configuration properties](https://github.com/open-edge-platform/edge-microvisor-toolkit/blob/3.0/toolkit/docs/formats/imageconfig.md) that should be applied (e.g. enable full disc encryption,
```
